#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
albucore==0.0.13
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   paddleocr
albumentations==1.4.10
    # via paddleocr
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via paddleocr
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.12
    # via paddleocr
filelock==3.17.0
    # via torch
fire==0.7.0
    # via paddleocr
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   paddleocr
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via torch
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via paddleocr
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lmdb==1.6.2
    # via paddleocr
lxml==5.3.1
    # via python-docx
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   paddleocr
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
    #   ultralytics-thop
opencv-contrib-python==4.11.0.86
    # via paddleocr
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
    #   ultralytics
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
paddleocr==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   paddleocr
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ultralytics
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via ultralytics
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via paddleocr
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via albumentations
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via paddleocr
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   paddleocr
    #   ultralytics
rapidfuzz==3.12.1
    # via paddleocr
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   paddleocr
    #   ultralytics
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via albumentations
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   ultralytics
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via ultralytics
shapely==2.0.7
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   paddleocr
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via fire
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.2.18
    # via scikit-image
tomli==2.2.1
    # via albucore
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
    #   ultralytics-thop
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via ultralytics
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   paddleocr
    #   ultralytics
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
ultralytics==8.3.79
    # via -r requirements.in
ultralytics-thop==2.0.14
    # via ultralytics
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
